Baggage Initial Documentation (#25644)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/glossary/_index.md

| [Retention Filters](#retention-filters) | Retention filters are tag-based controls set within the Datadog UI that determine what spans to index in Datadog for 15 days.                                                                                              |
| [Ingestion Controls](#ingestion-controls) | Ingestion controls are used to send up to 100% of traces to Datadog for live search and analytics for 15 minutes.
| [Instrumentation](#instrumentation) | Instrumentation is the process of adding code to your application to capture and report observability data. |

> | [Baggage](#baggage) | Baggage is contextual information that is passed between signals in the form of key value pairs |

Reviewer: Although this definition is consistent with OTEL, it's inconsistent with Datadog. We don't refer to metrics, logs, and traces as "signals" [anywhere in our docs](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3ADataDog%2Fdocumentation+signal+path%3A%2F%5Econtent%5C%2Fen%5C%2F%2F&type=code)

Consider rewording to something like this (for now)
```suggestion
| [Baggage](#baggage) | Baggage is contextual information that is passed between traces, metrics, and logs in the form of key-value pairs. |
```

To learn more, read [Application Instrumentation][26].

## Baggage

> Baggage allows you to propagate key-value pairs (aka baggage items), across service boundaries in a distributed system. Unlike trace context, which focuses on trace identifiers, baggage allows for the transmission of business data and other contextual information alongside traces.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Baggage allows you to propagate key-value pairs (also known as baggage items) across service boundaries in a distributed system. Unlike trace context, which focuses on trace identifiers, baggage allows for the transmission of business data and other contextual information alongside traces.  
```

> Baggage allows you to propagate key-value pairs (aka baggage items), across service boundaries in a distributed system. Unlike trace context, which focuses on trace identifiers, baggage allows for the transmission of business data and other contextual information alongside traces.  

Reviewer: Imo we should have links here to similar items so users can build their own understanding.

ie. `trace context` should link to [this](https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/trace_collection/trace_context_propagation/)

To learn more, read [Application Instrumentation][26].

## Baggage

Baggage allows you to propagate key-value pairs (also known as baggage items) across service boundaries in a distributed system. Unlike trace context, which focuses on trace identifiers, baggage allows for the transmission of business data and other contextual information alongside traces.  

> To learn more, read supported [propagation formats][27] for your application's language.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To learn more, read about [supported propagation formats][27] for your application's language.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm not able to make a suggestion on reference link `[27]` (line 145), but suggesting to update the link for the specific section that's being mentioned:
`/tracing/trace_collection/trace_context_propagation/#supported-formats`

Author: Addressed!
